Expand docs with an intro dependency tracking (#31)
rapidsai/rapids-cmake: docs/basics.rst

  project(...)

Usage
*****

> ``rapids-cmake`` is designed for projects to use only the subset of features that they need. To enable
> this the project is decomposed in the following primary components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``rapids-cmake`` is designed for projects to use only the subset of features that they need. To enable
this `rapids-cmake` comprises the following primary components:
```

- `cmake <api.html#common>`__
- `cpm <api.html#cpm>`__
- `cuda <api.html#cuda>`__
- `export <api.html#export>`__
- `find <api.html#find>`__

> To use function provided by ``rapids-cmake`` projects have two options:
> 
> - Call ``include(rapids-<component>)`` which imports commonly used functions for the component
> - Load each function independently via ``include(${rapids-cmake-dir}/<component>/<function_name>.cmake)``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways projects can use ``rapids-cmake`` functions.

1. Call ``include(rapids-<component>)``, which imports commonly used functions for the component.
2. Load each function independently via ``include(${rapids-cmake-dir}/<component>/<function_name>.cmake)``.
```
